Ciara Shaw


Do some outside research on some of the internals specific to JavaScript.


1. We touched on what an object prototype is briefly in class. Describe what a prototype is in the context of JavaScript objects. How do they emulate inheritance? 
Provide a practical example.
   - A prototype in javascript is a type inheritance that is special to Javascript. A prototype is used inherits properties from a Object. 
However, when you use a prototype anything that has been associated with the object. You will be able to see all objects through the link that each object has with each other.
                
                Example:
                let Name = function(n){
                        this.name = n;
                }


                Name.prototype.sayName = function()
                {
                        console.log(this.name);
                }
2. Investigate the new class syntax (tip: it was introduced in ECMAScript 6). What are the differences between classes and regular functions?
   - The difference between classes and regular functions. Is that for classes you first have to declare with the keyword class, 
and right next to it the name of the class, and then add curly braces to inclose the functions you want to add. 
Within the class you can just declare constructor and the functions just using the name, a
nd adding curly braces with whatever functionality that you want. 
Also there is no need at the end of the classes curly braces to end with a semicolon.
   
- For functions you have to declare using a variable keyword like var with name 
and then use the assignment operator to assign the name to the function keyword with its parameters. 
That initial function with act like a constructor. To add functions that relate to it you would use the 
Name of the function.prototype.the name of the specific function then assign it to function just like for the first initial function, 
and then add curly braces that end with semicolons.

1. Recreate the LinkedList function from the Github repo to use the class syntax. What changes were needed to make it work?
   1. The changes that were made making the node and linked list function to class syntax. 
Then changing each function to match the new syntax for classes and getting rid of unnecessary semicolons.




